Apple's iCal, Evolution, and others.
•
Web clients : The Bedework web clients provide access to public events in guest mode
and to public and personal events in authenticated mode. All web clients are easily
skinned allowing a high degree of customization.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
Public calendar suites : Public events are displayed using "calendar suites"
allowing multiple organizations to maintain their own public views of events
with whatever degree of visibility is appropriate. A Bedework public
calendaring installation may have one or many calendar suites. A calendar
suite provides a customized view of events, custom theming, and control over
how events are tagged by event administrators.
Personal calendars : Bedework provides a web client for personal and group
calendaring including scheduling. Using CalDAV desktop clients, users can see
a fully synchronized view of their personal and subscribed events between their
desktop client and the web client.
Administrative client for public events : Public event entry and maintenance is
carried out through the administrative web client. The system supports three
roles: Super Users control global system settings including user and calendar
maintenance and the setup of calendar suites. Calendar Suite Owners can
modify the settings of their calendar suite, and Event Administrators can add
and edit events for the administrative groups to which they belong.
Public event submission : Bedework provides a web client for submitting
events to a public queue allowing members of your community who are not
event administrators to suggest public events.
Highly customizable look and feel - XML & XSLT : The web clients are XML
and XSLT based allowing Bedework to be "skinned" for multiple clients and
uses. For example, the quickstart comes with skins for producing production
RSS, Javascript, and video feeds as well as HTML displays suitable for handheld
devices.
Database independence - Hibernate : The core of the calendar uses Hibernate for all
database transactions giving support of many database systems and enterprise level
performance and reliability. A number of caching schemes are implemented for
Hibernate including clustered systems giving further options for improving
availability.
Sharing : Full CalDAV access control is available allowing the sharing of calendars
and calendar entities based on authentication status and identity.
Mar 31, 2010
Go to table of contents
p.10

